Added support for brain-tumor validation (#683)
opencv/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/adapters/README.md

* `gaze_estimation` - converting output of gaze estimation model to `GazeVectorPrediction`.
* `hit_ratio_adapter` - converting output NCF model to `HitRatioPrediction`.
* `brain_tumor_segmentation` - converting output of brain tumor segmentation model to `BrainTumorSegmentationPrediction`.

>   * `make_argmax` if `True` applies argmax operation to prediction result (default - `False`)

Reviewer: adoption for common AC docs style:
```suggestion
  * `make_argmax`  - allows to apply argmax operation to output values. (default - `False`)
```

>   * `label_order` sets mapping from output classes to dataset classes in format `class1,class2,...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `label_order`  - sets mapping from output classes to dataset classes in format `class_id1,class_id2,...`
```

Reviewer: And I think you need to note which order you expect here (numeration of prediction classes should be used, right?)
